# Wipro_Pre-Training

Day-1
content and the code is updated in the week one folder
on 20-07-2025
consist of code related to calculate, grade estimate ,text-to-speech etc.

Day-2
content and the code is updated in the week one folder
on 21-07-2025
consist of code related to the array declaration and its initialiation , along with the use of constraints like for , while , if , etc.

Day-3
content and the code is updated in the week one folder
on 21-07-2025
consist of code related to jagged array, different generic functions like list, stack and queue.

Day-4
content and the code is updated in the week one folder
on 22-07-2025
consist of code related to the concepts of OOPs, also consist of exception handling and the file handling coding solution for better understanding.

Day-5
content and the code is updated in the week one folder
on 23-07-2025
consist of code related to file handling, operator overloading, file I/O operations , delegates coding soolutin for better understanding of concepts.

Day-6
content and the code is updated in the week one folder
on 24-07-2025
consist of code related to file handling, pattern matching and collection of objects using list.

Day-7
content and the code is updated in the week one folder
on 25-07-2025
consist of code related to delegates, async, await, reflection and standard C# features.

Day-8
It is the day of Milestone -1 , i have given both the coding and the MCQ with good Scores.
on 26-07-2025

Day-9
content and the code is updated in the week two folder
on 28-07-2025
consist of code related to different Testing Methods like NUnit , MSTest and XUnit.

Day-10
content and the code is updated in the week two folder
on 29-07-2025
consist of code related to ASP.NET and use of MVC (Model View Controller) in .NET to create web App.

Day-11
content and the code is updated in the week two folder
on 30-07-2025
consist of code related to SOLID, starting with database.

Day-12
content and the code is updated in the week two folder
on 31-07-2025
consist of code related to database different concepts including DDL, DML, DCL etc. also includes function, different Joins, Procedure, Transaction, etc.

Day-13
content and the code is updated in the week two folder
on 1-08-2025
consist of code related to database mysql queries

Day-14
content and the code is updated in the week two folder
on 2-08-2025
consist of code related to database mysql queries including different Normalization.

Day-15
content and the code is updated in the week three folder
on 4-08-2025
consist of code related to database mysql queries for ECommerce.

Day-16
content and the code is updated in the week three folder
on 5-08-2025
consist of code related to html and css.

Day-17
content and the code is updated in the week three folder
on 6-08-2025
consist of code related to javascript and typescript.

Day-18
content and the code is updated in the week three folder
on 7-08-2025
consist of code related to NPM and NodeJs

Day-19
content and the code is updated in the week three folder
on 8-08-2025
consist of code related to introduction to angular framework.

Day-20
content and the code is updated in the week three folder
on 9-08-2025
consist of code related to Angular Directives and Pipes

Day-21
content and the code is updated in the week four folder
on 11-08-2025
consist of code related to Angular Pipes and Hooks.

Day-22
content and the code is updated in the week four folder
on 12-08-2025
consist of code related to Angular Http Request test using PostMan.

Day-23
content and the code is updated in the week four folder
on 13-08-2025
consist of code related to Angular Forms.

Day-24
content and the code is updated in the week four folder
on 14-08-2025
consist of code related to Angular Routing.

Day-25
content and the code is updated in the week four folder
on 16-08-2025
consist of code related to complete implementation of angular application.
